This 300,000 I helped him out
Nian Nian, my good daughter is finally here.
This is my daughter Lin Nian Nian
He is a top student in Jiangzhou
I'm in Los Angeles talking about work
He has money for you to be quiet, right?
Your father owes us 300,000
Since you want to pay for him
I have no money
Are you fucking kidding me?
I have no money but his biological daughter Luo Xueqi
But Miss Luo
Now lying in the hospital washing up
and
Mr. Ye of Roselle Group offered 5 million price
So he
Very valuable 5 million
My own daughter
What if you lie to us? It's not easy
You take him to the hospital for a try
And this news has just been released by Mr. Ye
It has now spread all over Zhengzhou.
Come, come with us too
How about Xueqin?
That's not good.
If a suitable student has not been found yet
Haven't you found a suitable student yet? No
There will be eternal blessings under the reward
If 5 million doesn't work, add another 10 million
Even 500 million will save Xueqin
Who?
I, I, I, I am a relative in front of people
Father, I am the central person.
I'm here to save Xueqin